remove OnPutFile parameter FileName (#260)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/BasicCommunication/OnPutFile/index.md

### Sequence Diagrams

!!! NOTE

> In the context of `PutFile` and `OnPutFile` each of these diagrams refers to `syncFileName` by `FileName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of `PutFile` and `OnPutFile`, each of these diagrams use the term `FileName` to refer to the value of the `syncFileName` parameter
```

Author: Thanks, that sounds better.
